[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended to
win a tournament that
promised the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when
Law was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to
the palace to save him.
[DWARVES scream]
[USOPP]
Leo! Buddy!
You gotta be more careful!
You shouldn't have
made him angry!
We'll finish Operation S.O.P.
Our friends...
are counting on us.
I believe in the commander.
We have to help him
defeat Doflamingo.
We won't stop until he does!
Say, Rebecca, here's a question.
Do you happen to know how
your dear mother Scarlet died?
[chuckles] I saw
the Toy Soldier that day.
He cried like a baby. Pathetic.
[DAIKON]
You stay right here!
[CUB]
Are you all right, Commander?
Yes, thank you.
We gotta move.
Hold on! They'll be hurt
if we don't help them!
[LAO G] Get your paws off me,
you little bastards!
Stop looking back,
Commander! Just go!
We're ready. We all knew
what we signed up for.
Don't say that!
If you stay here,
then everyone might die!
Even if Leo pulls of Operation
S.O.P., it's still not over.
If we let Doflamingo walk away,
he can do the same
thing all over again.
Or even worse!
No one else can beat Doflamingo!
We're counting on you
for that! Keep fighting!
He's worth it!
We're proud to bet
everything we've got on him!
[LEO] Nobody remembers
him now, but years ago,
everyone in the kingdom
knew who he was.
Before he got
transformed into a toy,
his name was...
...Kyros!
[LEO]
He was the strongest gladiator
that the coliseum had ever seen!
That's who our commander is!
A legendary hero!
[LUFFY] "The Rupture Man!
Gladius Blows Up Big Time!"
All that work and I
couldn't even make a dent?
What's the trick here?
There has to be someplace
I can cut this bastard
that'll take him down for good.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
Smash him to bits!
I don't have time for
the likes of you!
[yells]
[RAMPO yells]
Rampo, no!
[KYROS]
Are you all right?
Thanks to you!
Were you hurt?
Just a little scratch!
I can keep fighting,
don't you worry!
I know they'll pull through
with Operation S.O.P.
In the meantime, all we gotta
do is get you to Doflamingo!
In no time at all, you're gonna
be back to your old self!
Then nobody in the world will be
able to stand in your way!
I hope that's the case.
Huh?
Oh no. It can't be.
That's not good!
We've got another Executive!
He's a member of the
Pica Army. Gladius!
You can't beat him
in your current form.
Rampo and I will draw his
attention and you run ahead.
That's the only way!
Don't you dare!
I won't have you sacrifice
yourselves on my behalf!
Rampo!
We'll attack from
both sides at once!
[CUB]
Roger!
No, wait!
[GLADIUS] Can't believe I'm
stuck exterminating these rats.
[RAMPO yells]
You ready?
[GLADIUS]
Hmph.
[gasps]
[CUB groans]
[GLADIUS]
Maybe you're more like insects.
Damn it!
Let them go!
Commander!
Now is your chance!
[CUB groans]
[RAMPO groans]
[yells]
[GLADIUS]
You think a toy can outrun me?
[GLADIUS] I ate the Pop Pop
Fruit and became a Rupture Man.
[GLADIUS] That means
I can detonate my body
without causing harm to myself.
But that's not all.
[GLADIUS] I can also detonate
anything inorganic.
[GLADIUS] Though a toy like you
won't survive the process.
[KYROS]
Don't you dare!
I refuse to die!
[KYROS]
Someone is counting on me!
Rebecca!
[GLADIUS] Looks like you're
ready to burst, little toy!
[LUFFY grunts]
Jet Stamp!
[GLADIUS]
Who did that?
Soldier! Have you seen my crew?
You saved me.
Franky made it sound
like he was with you.
There's no time! You can
talk later, Straw Hat!
[GLADIUS]
So that's who it is. Violet!
[gasps] Gladius!
[GLADIUS]
You little traitor.
[GLADIUS] You'll pay for turning
your back on the young master.
Oh, you wanna fight?
What did I just say?
Let go!
[VIOLET] We have to run!
Trust me. He's strong.
We'd be trapped here.
We have to end this!
Just head for the Suit Chamber!
Lady Viola,
you're helping us now?
You recognize me?
Of course! Although I'm sure
that you've forgotten me.
That may be so,
but I've been watching you
with my clairvoyance
for quite some time.
You and Rebecca, as well.
What?
I know it's been hard.
So, thank you.
[GLADIUS]
Get back here!
[GLADIUS] Your treachery
won't go unpunished, Violet.
[GLADIUS]
You're dead!
I've never been on your side!
You give yourself
too much credit!
For ten whole years, I've been
waiting for this opportunity!
[GLADIUS] I won't hear your
venomous words any longer!
Helmet Pop!
[VIOLET gasps]
[KYROS]
Lady Viola!
Oh no!
I'm sorry, I should've
caught that.
Didn't get hurt
too bad, did you?
I was just grazed
by some shrapnel.
Keep heading up, okay?
[LUFFY] It doesn't matter
how we get there, right?
[VIOLET]
Where are you going?
The staircase is the other way!
[LUFFY yells]
[VIOLET gasps]
This is bad.
What are you doing?
That should work.
[GLADIUS groans]
[GLADIUS]
Where did they go?
[footsteps]
[GLADIUS] Young Master?
Why're you here?
Young Master?
Sorry I'm not aware
of any such person.
I am Don Quixote--
The Doflamingo Family
calls him "Young Master"!
That would be me.
[GLADIUS] There are some
intruders in the palace.
You might want to wait upstairs
until we take care of them.
Upstairs? I shall
do no such thing.
You may do as you wish
with the intruders,
but I'm heading underground.
I have business with Kanjuro.
[GLADIUS]
Kanjuro?
The samurai who disappeared
from the junkyard?
That's the one.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll
go meet that missing samurai.
Huh? Did you say
he went missing?
[KYROS] Well, that certainly
was effective, wasn't it?
It's not time yet--
You have to wait!
First we have to hurry
and now we have to wait?
Mingo is right there!
[VIOLET]
Shh.
Huh?
Just calm down!
The Tontatta still
need time to finish!
Finish what?
You don't know about
Operation S.O.P.?
Well, the details
aren't important.
The point is, we can't
fight Doflamingo yet.
I thought your
only objective was
to destroy the SMILE factory.
So what about Straw Hat?
His crew is teaming up with the
Little People from Green Bit.
Would you mind telling me why?
Even for them, that seems
a bit capricious, doesn't it?
Little People?
While you're at it,
tell me how they snuck into
the underground port.
But why did they decide
to target Sugar?
I can't figure out
their motivations
or how they arrived
at this plan,
but they're doing a good job
of pissing me off.
At this point, it's looking like
more than a simple coincidence.
That's not good.
[DOFLAMINGO] Because that
would mean they know
about this kingdom's
dark secrets.
Don't just sit there!
The young master's
speaking to you, Law!
[BUFFALO] Don't do it if
it's gonna make you cry!
I swear, you two never change.
I already told you.
I don't have anything
to do with them anymore.
Our alliance ended.
Whatever they're doing out
there, it's none of my business.
I honestly can't tell if
you're trying to fool me or not.
It's hard to believe, but maybe
you're as clueless as you say.
A pity Violet isn't here.
She could see right through
you if you were lying.
By the way.
You wouldn't happen to
know anything about this,
would you, King Riku?
The Tontatta were rather
fond of you, if I recall.
[VIOLET]
Father? Why is he here?
[LUFFY]
Traffy's okay, that's good.
[KYROS] King Riku! After all
these years, you're still alive!
Your name is Kyros, huh?
Why don't you
come with me, friend?
[KYROS]
I will save you. I swear it.
C'mon! Let's go kick
Mingo's ass already!
We still have to wait
for the Tontatta!
[KYROS]
Did something happen to Leo?
Our window for
victory is narrow,
but as long as he can restore
the toys to their human form,
I'll have my chance to
strike down Doflamingo
once and for all.
My friends put their lives
on the line to protect me.
I will not fail,
no matter the cost!
I'm counting on you, Leo.
Usoland!
[chuckles]
Hey, buddy. You okay?
[panting] The battle
isn't over yet.
I just need to pick myself up.
I can't let everyone down.
They're doing
their best, after all,
so that the mission
doesn't fail.
Leo!
You're still going for this?
[LEO]
Of course I am!
If we can't knock Sugar out,
the commander and all the
other toys won't become human!
We need their strength
to win this.
[LEO] The commander
placed his faith in us,
to make Sugar pass out.
So I'm gonna carry out my duty!
[USOPP]
I can't believe these guys!
What do you guys want?
So annoying.
[LEO]
We're not going anywhere until
we complete Operation S.O.P.
And after that, we're gonna
save our captive friends,
restore the Riku Dynasty,
and finally,
topple your corrupt rule
of this kingdom!
Time to attack!
[DWARVES yell]
[chuckles] You dummies!
[DWARVES gasp]
[DWARVES scream]
[gasps]
[ROBIN gasps]
[SUGAR] All right,
little bears, stop napping!
[DWARF A]
Please don't make me do this!
[DWARF B]
I don't wanna fight my friends!
[DWARF C]
Somebody, help!
Now charge! Kill them all!
[DWARVES yelling]
You don't have to
fight until you die!
You gave it your best,
now run away!
[LEO yells]
Buncha dopes! They really
are hopeless, aren't they?
[ROBIN]
Maybe so.
But still. I like them that way.
They'll see you!
[chuckles] You can barely stand
and you want to fight me?
Doce Fleurs!
Huh? Whoa, what's going on here?
Huh?
[gasps] What's with
these arms? This is gross!
Leo!
Robiland, it's you!
I don't know how long
I can hold her--
You need to put the
grape in her mouth now!
I won't let you down.
Almost there!
[ROBIN gasps]
[gasps]
You've caused us
enough trouble, 'kay?
Leo, no! [screams]
What just happened?
I thought he was gonna make it,
but now I can't remember why!
[LEO gasps]
[TREBOL chuckles]
You didn't actually think
you could beat us?
[NARRATOR] Operation S.O.P. has
become a catastrophic failure.
Without a hint of mercy,
Trebol crushes one
Tontatta after another.
But even as their friends
cry out in torment,
they never lose hope,
because they still believe that
the legendary hero
Usoland will save them.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Liar!
Usoland on the Run!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!